as we've got Phil here we've got loads
of 7s on this show and with almost done
everything we've done the breakdown
we've done their roles off the back of a
line at one thing we've never looked at
is your role defensively a scrum and
it's quite difficult for it for the 7
because the forwards I know is a front
five perspective you want the weight you
want them concentrating on the scrum but
actually you're the link defensively
with the back so we just thought we
might talk through what you're looking
for as you approach your defensive scrum
we're on our own line yeah take it away
yes so when it's their ball obviously
the props that you know the bill
nintendo's does come with them they want
you on the scum of the whole time they
don't worry about anything else that's
happening outside and their livelihoods
in there get your head in get ugly with
it yeah so when we turn up the scrum
we're gonna begin these guys up not just
saying come on but we'll sue saying keep
your right foot there make sure your
binds long discipline hi just trying to
be almost coaching isn't that make use
that you've picked up on this week and
also talking about the opposition a few
loves just go in there keV there if you
just disengage there you go so then I'm
gonna take a nice tight bind to get my
shoulder right behind him on his
backside and make sure I'm giving him
everything but also got my head up and
there's a nine puts the ball in I'll be
calling it so ready yes and then we're
gonna try and get squeeze on there and
make sure that all going forward but at
the same time my head's up I'm checking
the eight the wing areas in the
backfield he might run a short line and
the tenant well but how does how he gets
on in the in the physical challenge
affect how quickly you can start
concentrating on out what's going on
outside and is it if he goes backwards
does it affect what you can do if he's
doing really well he's doing a job when
he's got the squeeze on you can you can
have your head up and you can just leave
him be maybe a little bit and chance
your arm to go and look after the ball
if he's under pressure the last thing he
wants is you losing your shoulder and
he's under even more pressure if he's
under a load of pressure and and these
hips come out here yeah so you're
actually being wheeled away yet on the
defensive duties so that's exactly what
the scrum here wants to do and if you're
on in regular play you do not want to
dive in because the TENS gonna be born
here he wants you there to either make
the tackle or get over the ball but if
you're on your own line and you feel
they're getting the squeeze on and he's
kicked around the corner you can
potentially slow
up and there's add a bit of weight there
try and get into his ribs and stop him
from walking around that corner but on
your on their ball you're what you want
to stay out of it because your next job
is over there and how do you work I mean
once the ball does come out how do you
work with that with the other members of
your background so normally you've got
the eight inside of there so you can get
off quite quickly you want to make sure
the eight doesn't pick but the nines
hopefully they're biting at the heels
you know Lee diction will be in there
you know just important pressure on the
pit putting pressure on trying to make
sure the eight can't get a good run up
and then your next job is looking at ten
if he steps back inside or you might run
a switch with the twelve you've got to
make that low shot on some okay let's
have a look at it then you just talk us
through as the eight picks yeah so if
the eight picks you might you might just
want to get on his outside shoulder
you've got your eight inside you as a
bit of help and if he hits two twelve
you can maybe drift off make a low shot
there or if the ten tackles in your how
how important it is communication can
you just go and know that he's on your
inside or do you have to wait a bit of
course especially for that scrums
wheeled round you've got a look after
the first threat defend what's happening
not what you think you hold until you
hear at all from the divinity then
screams at me push push push or I've got
a or whatever it is
normally we'll exploit it and you change
your your defense during the game or
certain things aren't working would you
be able to talk about it yeah if you're
on your own line you might go straight
up and try and hit the eight and let the
eight you all right come on the outside
of you but generally you're just in
there to try and fill that hole create
the link and get connected with your ten
and make sure nothing comes down that
narrow channel that's fantastic there we
go does any more that you could want to
know about about what you do is a number
seven on your ball on their ball even